Boss Thank you all for coming today. First of all, I would like you all to meet Mr. Mark Johnson. He is our new salesperson with the company.

Here is my number 9003401119
And my email id is msubhaditya@gmail.com

I think Mark has met everyone, oh, except for Ann.

Hello, Mark. I am Ann Nice to meet you. I am a salesperson, too.

It’s nice to meet you, Ann Maybe you can help to teach me about my new job.

Sure. We can be a .team You help me, I’ll help you.

That sounds good to me, too. Now let’s talk about business. Linda, will you please take notes of our meeting for us?

Sure, I have my pen and paper ready.

Yes please book a meeting on Tuesday 10pm.

I want to book a flight on 10th June.

Great. Please read the notes of our last meeting for us.

Okay. First, we talked about the budget for next year.

I will budget is getting smaller every year.

Second, we talked about the new products we are going to selling.

She means the new products you and I will be selling.

O.K. Third, we talked about the profits that we had last month. And fourth, we talked about the bills we had to pay.

We always have more bills than profits.

Finally, we talked about raising the cost of our new products.

I’m afraid our customers will think our product is too expensive.

Why is everyone whispering?

Sorry, Linda. O.K. We have a few things to talk about today. Susan, would you like to give your report.

Yes, thank you. I have a sales graph I would like to show everyone. This shows how well we are selling our products this year.

This line is the sales of our products. And this line is the sales of our competitors’ products.

So if that line goes up, am I doing a good job?

Exactly.

O.K. And if that line goes up, does my salary go up?

Good question, Ann. We’ll talk about that after the meeting.

Susan, do we have many competitors?

No, not really but enough to keep us busy. Anyway, good job, Ann. I’m sure you and Mark will do even better next month!

Thank you, Susan. Very good. Tom, do you have anything to tell everyone.

Yes. Don’t forget, if you want me to buy something for your office, the deadline is tomorrow.

Oh!! I need a new typewriter. Mine is broken.

O.K. No problem. If anyone wants me to buy something, tell me before the deadline.

O.K. Is that everything? O.K. I think that’s all. You can go now.

Oh, wait!! Mark has a presentation he would like to give about his new job.

Oh, yeah, O.K.